test/mark_down.md, before:

# This is a main title

This main markdown is made as an example to prove how to table-of-contentes creation works

# This is a second main title

This is some content under the main title, which should appear in the same level as the main title

## This is a subtitle

This subtitle is under the second main title and should be indented one time

## This is a second subtitle

This is also a subtitle under the main title, but should be the second

### This is a third subtitle

This is a subtitle, you are able to create as many levels as you want, although it might not look pretty

Next, some content to prove a the linking capabilities

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec sit amet ligula in turpis vehicula finibus quis at metus. Integer faucibus odio nec leo semper cursus. Nam accumsan odio vel urna bibendum hendrerit. Mauris facilisis nisi vel arcu ultrices, et rutrum arcu auctor. Duis auctor diam massa, non malesuada lacus mattis in. Quisque euismod sollicitudin consectetur. Praesent gravida ultrices fringilla. Etiam nec sodales lacus. Suspendisse nisi quam, gravida sit amet erat vel, efficitur maximus lorem. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus.

Integer nec urna mattis, condimentum turpis ut, molestie mauris. Duis rutrum ut ipsum eu pretium. Donec vel tellus massa. Fusce fermentum ut tortor a ornare. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. In leo leo, faucibus et risus sed, ultrices cursus erat. Integer non porta justo. Integer sit amet vestibulum neque, non cursus magna. Donec diam libero, convallis non elit vitae, laoreet pellentesque tellus. Sed nisl felis, sagittis sed mollis quis, laoreet cursus metus. In tortor risus, dignissim quis suscipit a, convallis in ipsum. Nulla sem lectus, euismod vitae suscipit ac, finibus eget justo.

Nullam quis scelerisque diam. Duis semper purus nec libero elementum, eget elementum velit molestie. Phasellus quis sodales arcu, at finibus risus. Pellentesque tempor purus sed nulla condimentum vestibulum. Ut in nulla eget lorem viverra ornare. Phasellus pellentesque nulla in hendrerit pellentesque. Proin felis enim, rutrum imperdiet ex sit amet, bibendum maximus metus. Pellentesque sollicitudin, est in tempor tincidunt, ipsum lorem convallis mi, vitae tempus tellus nisi in lacus. Suspendisse rhoncus eros cursus sem scelerisque, sit amet pulvinar eros finibus. Etiam dignissim ex ac venenatis tempus. Sed dictum ligula tempor lacus accumsan convallis. Morbi rutrum interdum ultrices. Suspendisse interdum, nisl et facilisis ultrices, mauris lacus tempor massa, vitae feugiat neque risus mattis lacus. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Nunc sed lorem a diam pretium ultrices ac sed enim. Donec pharetra vestibulum varius.

![cute dog](https://hips.hearstapps.com/hmg-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/images/dog-puppy-on-garden-royalty-free-image-1586966191.jpg?crop=1.00xw:0.669xh;0,0.190xh&resize=1200:*)

Pellentesque sagittis, orci nec commodo sollicitudin, massa arcu sagittis diam, a gravida nulla ipsum non arcu. Nam dolor lorem, tempor id cursus vitae, varius non est. In at faucibus dui. Mauris eleifend massa ligula, nec molestie arcu maximus sed. Aenean nec magna nec leo commodo consectetur. Integer in pellentesque felis. Mauris sit amet neque mollis, pellentesque lacus non, commodo lacus. Donec cursus ante lacinia ante condimentum tristique. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam porta faucibus dui eget elementum. Donec scelerisque purus non lorem accumsan, sit amet rhoncus tellus tincidunt. Proin varius commodo metus nec sollicitudin.

Donec id augue mollis, suscipit arcu elementum, consectetur lorem. Nunc pellentesque libero a tortor pulvinar, id laoreet tortor mattis. Aliquam aliquam sem sed malesuada tincidunt. Etiam placerat justo in dignissim laoreet. Donec sed facilisis arcu. Nullam id mollis ligula. Nullam tristique luctus mi ut scelerisque. Suspendisse rhoncus lectus et felis commodo dapibus. Ut ullamcorper sapien nec dictum porttitor. Suspendisse ac neque diam. Morbi molestie gravida ligula, in viverra neque ultricies id. Nulla vulputate tempor nulla malesuada tincidunt. Donec sit amet nibh et nisl aliquet aliquam ut non metus. Ut eget metus finibus, cursus neque ac, iaculis libero. Aliquam vitae mauris sit amet metus ultricies ullamcorper et quis nisl. Nullam sit amet elit eros.

# This is a third main title

This is a third main title, you can see it still has a 3 count even though you added other levels of titles

## New subtitle

This new subtitle should restart the count of subtitles starting from 1 and...

## New subtitle

This one should continue with a two and, if you check the raw, it should have a `-2` since there is already another title with the same name.

Commit message:

Fixed inside code bug and included force method
Fixed inside code bug and included force method

test/mark_down.md, after:

# This is a main title

This main markdown is made as an example to prove how to table-of-contentes creation works

# This is a second main title

This is some content under the main title, which should appear in the same level as the main title

## This is a subtitle

This subtitle is under the second main title and should be indented one time

## This is a second subtitle

This is also a subtitle under the main title, but should be the second

### This is a third subtitle

This is a subtitle, you are able to create as many levels as you want, although it might not look pretty

Next, some content to prove a the linking capabilities

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec sit amet ligula in turpis vehicula finibus quis at metus. Integer faucibus odio nec leo semper cursus. Nam accumsan odio vel urna bibendum hendrerit. Mauris facilisis nisi vel arcu ultrices, et rutrum arcu auctor. Duis auctor diam massa, non malesuada lacus mattis in. Quisque euismod sollicitudin consectetur. Praesent gravida ultrices fringilla. Etiam nec sodales lacus. Suspendisse nisi quam, gravida sit amet erat vel, efficitur maximus lorem. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus.

Integer nec urna mattis, condimentum turpis ut, molestie mauris. Duis rutrum ut ipsum eu pretium. Donec vel tellus massa. Fusce fermentum ut tortor a ornare. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. In leo leo, faucibus et risus sed, ultrices cursus erat. Integer non porta justo. Integer sit amet vestibulum neque, non cursus magna. Donec diam libero, convallis non elit vitae, laoreet pellentesque tellus. Sed nisl felis, sagittis sed mollis quis, laoreet cursus metus. In tortor risus, dignissim quis suscipit a, convallis in ipsum. Nulla sem lectus, euismod vitae suscipit ac, finibus eget justo.


![cute dog](https://hips.hearstapps.com/hmg-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/images/dog-puppy-on-garden-royalty-free-image-1586966191.jpg?crop=1.00xw:0.669xh;0,0.190xh&resize=1200:*)

```txt
this is some text that is made to prove a point, the point is, if the # key is inside a code block, it wont count as a title
# Hey
```

Donec id augue mollis, suscipit arcu elementum, consectetur lorem. Nunc pellentesque libero a tortor pulvinar, id laoreet tortor mattis. Aliquam aliquam sem sed malesuada tincidunt. Etiam placerat justo in dignissim laoreet. Donec sed facilisis arcu. Nullam id mollis ligula. Nullam tristique luctus mi ut scelerisque. Suspendisse rhoncus lectus et felis commodo dapibus. Ut ullamcorper sapien nec dictum porttitor. Suspendisse ac neque diam. Morbi molestie gravida ligula, in viverra neque ultricies id. Nulla vulputate tempor nulla malesuada tincidunt. Donec sit amet nibh et nisl aliquet aliquam ut non metus. Ut eget metus finibus, cursus neque ac, iaculis libero. Aliquam vitae mauris sit amet metus ultricies ullamcorper et quis nisl. Nullam sit amet elit eros.

# This is a third main title

This is a third main title, you can see it still has a 3 count even though you added other levels of titles

## New subtitle

This new subtitle should restart the count of subtitles starting from 1 and...

## New subtitle

This one should continue with a two and, if you check the raw, it should have a `-2` since there is already another title with the same name.
